Move /api-overview page content to appropriate location in /core-okta-api (#2459)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/idps/index.md

**Parameter details**

> * Treat the `after` cursor as an opaque value and obtain it through the next link relationship. See [Pagination](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#pagination).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Treat the `after` cursor as an opaque value. You can obtain it through the next link relationship. See [Pagination](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#pagination).
```
